# ww2_oil_and_snow_1st_edition

                          Welcome to WWII Global: Oil & Snow:  
# Introduction: After playing many hours of A&A myself I started making own maps & models with          the desire to improve tactical, geographical and historical aspects of WW2 strategic wargaming.            When I entered the Triple A world ( quite late: 2018) I saw a living community working on a open source project and dozens of maps and ideas. Still the direction I went into my boardgames was missing for me:                  ( also in the recent Beamdogs A&A online commercial boardgame)
As for me personally a WWII A&A-game should contain: - Terrain types, - Seasonal impact, -Oil use and production and a way to avoid picking out the casualties all the time yourself, which is surreal.   Besides I, with my teaching background, like to share less known aspects of history, to learn from.   Like I added many collaborist volunteer units that played a part of the total forces in the field.  And to play with soundfiles to give a good ambiance.  I could not see  a map combining all this so I started to make my own.    It took some time but the momentum of 2020 there was suddenly the chance….. 
 	 
Allthough my coding skills are limited , I learned a lot from trial trial and error error error. And by looking to some of the more sophisticated maps.   Learning by doing and sometimes feeling desperate at java errors and unfindable bugs… is part of it…..   Also making a comprise with own skills and the limits of the basic code is another, there are currently many more ideas that could be implemented if both ingredients worked along.  Maybe one day….   Enjoy the result so far!
